How to Install Android SDK for Eclipse:
1. Install Eclipse
2. Launch Eclipse
3. Select Help --> Eclipse Marketplace
4. Search for Android
5. Install Android ADT
6. After it is instaled it will restart Eclipse
7. Then it will ask to install Android SDK
8. Install ONLY the latest vervsion of Android
9. After that installs go to Window --> Android SDK Manager
10. Select The main folder 2.3.3, install these (it's a ton of files, install them all to the best of your ability, some may fail, that's OK)
11. MOTODEV, just hit cancel over and over again...
12. Android is Installed!!! :D

Importing an Android Project and working with Git:
1. Use git clone and the web address of our git repository to clone all the files to your machine
2. You should now have a folder called "space-mercant" somewhere, inside that is a folder called "Android", and in that is a folder called "HelloAndroid", this folder is the HelloAndroid eclipse project
3. In Eclipse right click in the project pane (left side with all the folders) and select "Import..."
4. Select import existing Android code into workspace
5. Browse... --> Select the folder "HelloAndroid" --> Ok --> Finish
6. Write beautiful code!

Git:
1. Navigate to "space-merchant" directory
2. Type "git --help" --> Read these =P
3. Type "git pull" (retrieves all the files from the repository)
4. Say you've updated some code and there are files to add to git..
    1. Navigate to "space-merchant" directory
    2. Type "git status"
    3. Type "git add <FILES>" for the files you wish to add
    4. Type "git status" to make sure they will be added
    5. Type "git push" to push the changes
    6. Type "git commit -m "YOUR MESSAGE HERE"" (notice the quotes inside for the message) to commit the changes/ additions
    7. Type "git pull" to finally update in case there were changes made!

Running Android Project Natively (on an android phone):
1. Plug your phone into the computer
2. Install all the necessary drivers (some require more than others) ((also motorola sucks))
3. Make sure your device is an ADB Interface device by going through device manager and checking it out
4. If it is not ADB Interface, google how to make it
5. Open Eclipse
6. Select the main project folder
7. Hit run (as android application)
8. Profit!

Running Android Project Virtually (on an Android Virtual Device (AVD))
1. Open Eclipse
2. There is a button on the top panel that has a little android guy and a phone merged together (hovering over it says "Open Android Virtual Device Manager"
3. Open it =P
4. Select "New..."
5. What type of device do you want to make?! (I suggest a nexus device, probably the Nexus 1)
6. Google! "Android Virtual Device + Nexus 1"
7. The first hit is correct and a nice tutorial where a guy blabs about stuff forever...read it =P
7.5 Here's the web address if you're having trouble: http://mobile.tutsplus.com/tutorials/android/common-android-virtual-device-configurations/
2.3.3. Where he says "Target Android Version/ Level" USE 2.3.3, NOT ANYTHING ELSE! 2.3.3 2.3.3 2.3.3!
9. "Abstract LCD Density" is fine at 240
10. Create AVD (it might take a while)
11. Select the AVD and click "Start.." (this is take FOREVER to start and will be SUPER SLOW, try to only start an AVD like once =P ever.)
12. To run HelloAdnroid, select the top folder HelloAndroid in eclipse and hit run (as android application)
13. Select the AVD currently running and hit go!
